README.md, before:

# project_e5b3i_o0s8i_r9a5f (Bowen, Haad, Triston)

## Project Summary
Our project models a pet adoption system managed by an animal shelter. This shelter serves clients who can adopt pets staying at the animal shelter. The shelter is just one branch that is owned by a shelter corporation which manages animal shelter branches within a certain region of the country. Moreover, the shelter is associated with an animal hospital which manages the health of the sheltered animals. In the hospital, veterinarians are responsible for administering vaccines for animals at the shelter and performing monthly health-checkups.

### Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, PHP, Oracle, SQL

## List of queries to implement
- [X] Insert (Haad)
- [ ] Delete (Bowen)
- [X] Update (Bowen)
- [X] Selection (Haad)
- [ ] Projection (Bowen)
- [X] Join (Haad)
- [ ] Aggregation with group by (Bowen)
- [ ] Aggregation with having (Bowen)
- [ ] Nested Aggregation with Group By (Haad)
- [ ] Division (Haad)
## Timeline and task breakdown
### Bowen:
- Will work on implementing the operations assigned to him above
### Haad:
- Will work on implementing the operations assigned to him above
### Triston:
- Triston drew the original ER diagram so he knows the most about the entities and relationships, so he will consult the ER diagram to determine which entities are affected by each operation listed above.
- Will write SQL script for create table statements and populating tables with insert statements


## Dates
- 15/03/2024
  - [X] Create fully executable SQL script (Triston)
  - [X] Determine which tables can be modified by users of the database (Triston)
  - [X] Pick a table to insert into and finish insert query (Haad)
  - [X] Pick a table to select from and finish select query (Haad)
  - [X] Pick a table to update and finish update query (Bowen)
  - [ ] Pick a table to delete from and finish delete query (Bowen)
  - [ ] Determine user interfaces of the application (designing GUI) (all members in collaboration)
- 16/03/2024
  - [ ] Join (Haad)
  - [ ] Aggregation with having (Bowen)
- 17/03/2024 - 30/03/2024
  - [ ] Finish remaining queries (Haad + Bowen)
  - [ ] Implement frontend (GUI) (Haad + Bowen)
- 5/04/2024
  - [ ] Debugging (all)
  - [ ] Test run (Triston)
  - [ ] Submit URL (Triston)

Commit message:

Documentation
Documenting which tables are used in what queries to avoid query conflicts and bugs later on.

README.md, after:

# project_e5b3i_o0s8i_r9a5f (Bowen, Haad, Triston)

## Project Summary
Our project models a pet adoption system managed by an animal shelter. This shelter serves clients who can adopt pets staying at the animal shelter. The shelter is just one branch that is owned by a shelter corporation which manages animal shelter branches within a certain region of the country. Moreover, the shelter is associated with an animal hospital which manages the health of the sheltered animals. In the hospital, veterinarians are responsible for administering vaccines for animals at the shelter and performing monthly health-checkups.

### Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, PHP, Oracle, SQL

### Queries
1. Insert
- User can insert into VeterinarianWorkInfo two values: a VETSIN that is valid (i.e. exists in the VeterinarianInfo table), and a HOSPITALADDRESS that is valid (i.e. exists in the AnimalHospital table). If one or both of the entries are invalid foregin keys, the user is alerted in the webpage and with a pop-up message.
- The insert statement has to also effect the tables referred to by the foreign keys.
2. Select
- We choose to let the user select from the AnimalHelpedAdopt2 table.
- User specifies


## List of queries to implement
- [X] Insert (Haad)
- [ ] Delete (Bowen)
- [X] Update (Bowen)
- [X] Selection (Haad)
- [ ] Projection (Bowen)
- [X] Join (Haad)
- [ ] Aggregation with group by (Bowen)
- [ ] Aggregation with having (Bowen)
- [ ] Nested Aggregation with Group By (Haad)
- [ ] Division (Haad)
## Timeline and task breakdown
### Bowen:
- Will work on implementing the operations assigned to him above
### Haad:
- Will work on implementing the operations assigned to him above
### Triston:
- Triston drew the original ER diagram so he knows the most about the entities and relationships, so he will consult the ER diagram to determine which entities are affected by each operation listed above.
- Will write SQL script for create table statements and populating tables with insert statements


## Dates
- 15/03/2024
  - [X] Create fully executable SQL script (Triston)
  - [X] Determine which tables can be modified by users of the database (Triston)
  - [X] Pick a table to insert into and finish insert query (Haad)
  - [X] Pick a table to select from and finish select query (Haad)
  - [X] Pick a table to update and finish update query (Bowen)
  - [ ] Pick a table to delete from and finish delete query (Bowen)
  - [ ] Determine user interfaces of the application (designing GUI) (all members in collaboration)
- 16/03/2024
  - [ ] Join (Haad)
  - [ ] Aggregation with having (Bowen)
- 17/03/2024 - 30/03/2024
  - [ ] Finish remaining queries (Haad + Bowen)
  - [ ] Implement frontend (GUI) (Haad + Bowen)
- 5/04/2024
  - [ ] Debugging (all)
  - [ ] Test run (Triston)
  - [ ] Submit URL (Triston)
